what I love about Nicole she is a mother
who plays really plays what I love about
Charlie he loves being a dad he loves
all the things you're supposed to hate
like waking up at night she knows when
to push me and when to leave me alone
he never lets other people keep him from
what he wants to do no it's not easy for
her to close a capra he's incredible
neat she's brave
he's brilliant she's very competitive so
I'll tell Charlie what's happening and
Cassie you then hand him the envelope I
just get nervous
can you unser we mean like take it back
Charlie and I are getting a divorce mom
you can't be friends with him anymore
[Applause]
you know most people in my business we
just transactions to them I like to
think of it was people oh okay good
you remind me of myself on my second
marriage
what we're gonna do together is tell me
you were story you dye your hair again
well this is me you don't like it is it
shorter I prefer a longer but how are
you doing I realized I never really come
along for myself I was just feeding his
aliveness
I'll never get to really be his parent
together he needs to know that I fought
for him
[Music]
it's not as simple as not being in love
anymore eventually there'll be the two
of you having a figure dis help
[Music]
together
if we start from a place of reasonable
and they start from a place of crazy
when we settled will be somewhere
between reasonable and crazy
[Music]